
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.332912                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                332912288000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               332912288000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 362809                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   738811                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               82497046                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 705900                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4035.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1464097138                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2981429535                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          44416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data          25216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              69632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        44416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         44416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data             394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                1088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            133417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data             75744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                209160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       133417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           133417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           133417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data            75744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               209160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        1088                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      1088                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  69632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   69632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  332912176500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  1088                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    290.859574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.663900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   305.512197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           95     40.43%     40.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           47     20.00%     60.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           25     10.64%     71.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      6.81%     77.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           22      9.36%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      2.13%     89.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      1.70%     91.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      8.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     19144250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                39544250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    5440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17595.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36345.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       6.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      849                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                  305985456.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   585480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   299805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 3220140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         7375680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy              6525360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy               336480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy        22727610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy         6000000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      79880697180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            79927767735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            240.086565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         332896874250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       575500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       3132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 332831635000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     15623000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      11467500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     49855000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  1120980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   592020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 4548180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         14136720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             10267980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy               444480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy        62338050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy         4783200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      79858020540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            79956252150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            240.172126                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         332888580000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       481000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       5986000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 332739451000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     12453000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      17193250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    136723750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups              319493996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted        319493996                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             4543                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups           266244709                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS               26631267                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               184                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups      266244709                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits         159740203                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses       106504506                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1020                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                3264                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       665824577                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles         186423316                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                    1464312465                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                  319493996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches         186371470                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                    479336949                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  31                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          556                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           63                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                186398416                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  857                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         665768701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.478805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.336456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0               186544945     28.02%     28.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                    3743      0.00%     28.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                53238078      8.00%     36.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                26617048      4.00%     40.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                26632137      4.00%     44.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                53248790      8.00%     52.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                53248906      8.00%     60.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                26628897      4.00%     64.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8               239606157     35.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           665768701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.479847                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.199247                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles               186386882                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles               169094                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                479192051                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                12902                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7772                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts            2981792141                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7772                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles               186391534                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                  60098                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         96505                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                479199149                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                13643                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts            2981786870                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                   63                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                  2351                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  5895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands         3141530483                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups           7906714296                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups      4632304893                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups              914                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps           3141163958                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  366525                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              3283                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          3280                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                    37942                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads           585651302                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores          266223786                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads         79951625                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores        53290872                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                2981736410                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued               2981638309                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              235                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         310375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       458271                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           236                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    665768701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        4.478490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.943265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             222331      0.03%      0.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           26702143      4.01%      4.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           79865085     12.00%     16.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          132994830     19.98%     36.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4          133072702     19.99%     56.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           79896154     12.00%     68.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           79899670     12.00%     80.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7           79874380     12.00%     92.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8           53241406      8.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      665768701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               26634512     99.89%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    9      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 24904      0.09%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 3269      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                5      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              396      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu           2129786530     71.43%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  13      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   37      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                302      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           585639602     19.64%     91.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite          266211095      8.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            132      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           202      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total            2981638309                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          4.478114                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   26662708                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        6655706927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       2982052641                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2981606975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               1335                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               854                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          597                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses            3008299942                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    679                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       159637048                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53358                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3214                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25437                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7772                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  39224                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                18069                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts         2981739910                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               50                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            585651302                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts           266223786                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3355                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    66                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                17993                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3214                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           244                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                5859                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts           2981619224                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            585637883                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            19085                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                   851846755                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches               319460015                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                 266208872                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    4.478085                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                    2981614379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                   2981607572                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers               2209561433                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers               3646988100                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      4.478068                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.605859                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         310398                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           3264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             4564                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    665725941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     4.478464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.138821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     80019050     12.02%     12.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    133134857     20.00%     32.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        49266      0.01%     32.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     79891619     12.00%     44.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26620957      4.00%     48.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     79792144     11.99%     60.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        26005      0.00%     60.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     26615633      4.00%     64.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    239576410     35.99%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    665725941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts          1464097138                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps            2981429535                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                     851796293                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                    585597944                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                 319450416                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                       548                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts               2981429258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls            26624387                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           47      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      2129632877     71.43%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             12      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              28      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           278      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      585597866     19.64%     91.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     266198177      8.93%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           78      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          172      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total       2981429535                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events            239576410                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                  3407889464                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                 5963522715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          55876                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1464097138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2981429535                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.454768                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.454768                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              2.198923                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        2.198923                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads              4632013856                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes             2395944665                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      811                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     339                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads               1756785310                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes               745408455                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads             1517388188                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          342.955876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          692198509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         1756849.007614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   342.955876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.334918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.334918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.378906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1384398444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1384398444                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data    426000274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      426000274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data    266198233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     266198233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    692198507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       692198507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    692198507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      692198507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data          518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33239500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33239500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10027000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10027000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43266500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     43266500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43266500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     43266500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data    426000675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    426000675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data    266198350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    266198350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    692199025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    692199025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    692199025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    692199025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82891.521197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82891.521197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85700.854701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85700.854701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83526.061776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83526.061776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83526.061776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83526.061776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          328                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24346000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24346000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9824000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9824000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        86950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84689.655172                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84689.655172                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86287.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86287.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86287.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86287.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          345.986445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          186397477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         257099.968276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   345.986445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.675755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.675755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        372797559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       372797559                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    186397477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      186397477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    186397477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       186397477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    186397477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      186397477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     79306998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79306998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     79306998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79306998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     79306998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79306998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    186398416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    186398416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    186398416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    186398416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    186398416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    186398416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84458.996805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84458.996805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84458.996805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84458.996805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84458.996805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84458.996805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    86.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63044499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63044499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63044499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63044499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63044499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63044499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86599.586538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86599.586538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86599.586538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86599.586538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86599.586538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86599.586538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   777.938296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                         332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      1088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.305147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       430.983396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       346.954901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.105221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.084706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.189926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          1088                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.265625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     12456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    12456                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.inst            31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                       31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                      31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.inst          695                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          280                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             975                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data                394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   1089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data               394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  1089                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9627000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       9627000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     61620500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23924500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     85545000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     61620500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33551500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         95172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     61620500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33551500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        95172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           114                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               114                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          726                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data          280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1006                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data              394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 1120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data             394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                1120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.957300                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.969185                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.957300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.972321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.957300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.972321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84447.368421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84447.368421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88662.589928                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85444.642857                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87738.461538                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88662.589928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85156.091371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87393.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88662.589928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85156.091371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87393.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          695                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          280                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          975                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             1089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8487000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8487000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54680500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21124500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75805000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54680500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29611500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84292000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54680500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29611500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84292000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.957300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.957300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.972321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.957300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.972321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74447.368421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74447.368421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78676.978417                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75444.642857                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77748.717949                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78676.978417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75156.091371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77403.122130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78676.978417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75156.091371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77403.122130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1088                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         2176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         2176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   2176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        69632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        69632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   69632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              1088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    1088    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                1088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy             1354000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            5766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         1423                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          303                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 332912288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1007                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                  2544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        46400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                  71808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               2                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                       128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             1124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005338                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.072899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   1118     99.47%     99.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      6      0.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               1124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             714500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1090500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            592000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
