
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.852107                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2852107107500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2852107107500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1449078                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2950845                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2822849030                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 697976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1010.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1464097139                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2981429536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           24128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              58432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        34304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         34304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                 913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              12028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data               8460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 20487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         12028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             12028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data              8460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                20487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         913                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       913                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  58432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   58432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2852107027500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   913                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    189.605442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.042316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   233.453215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          166     56.46%     56.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           59     20.07%     76.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           27      9.18%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           14      4.76%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            6      2.04%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      2.38%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      1.36%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      3.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     14456000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                31574750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    4565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15833.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34583.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      611                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 66.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                  3123885024.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    66.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   478380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   227700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 2513280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         7375680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy              6176520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy               253920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy        30764610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy         4122240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     684484080240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           684535992570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            240.010619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2852092561750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       335500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       3126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2852014700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     10735750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      10724500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     67485750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  1677900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   888030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 4005540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         77444640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             22902600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              1789440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       248974290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       144459360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     684271759440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           684773901240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            240.094034                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2852052222000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1116000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      32766000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2851130029500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    376169500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      20959750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    546066750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 3264                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       5704214215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1464097139                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    2981429536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            2981429259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    548                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    53248769                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    266188443                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   2981429259                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           548                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          6149057245                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         2395777235                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  758                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 310                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads           1756753518                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           745386413                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     851796293                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   585597944                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  266198349                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               5704214214.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                         319450416                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                    47      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                2129632878     71.43%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       12      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        28      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     278      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                585597866     19.64%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               266198177      8.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  78      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                172      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                 2981429536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            315467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.998817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           851480704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            315595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           2698.017092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         847866500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.998817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1703908193                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1703908193                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    585288977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       585288977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    266191727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      266191727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     851480704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        851480704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    851480704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       851480704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       308972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        308972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         6623                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6623                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       315595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         315595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       315595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        315595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4037445500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4037445500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     94469000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     94469000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   4131914500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4131914500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   4131914500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4131914500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    585597949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    585597949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    266198350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    266198350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    851796299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    851796299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    851796299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    851796299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13067.350763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13067.350763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14263.777744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14263.777744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13092.458689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13092.458689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13092.458689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13092.458689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        29520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             29520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       308972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         6623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       315595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       315595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       315595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       315595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3728473500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3728473500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     87846000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87846000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3816319500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3816319500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3816319500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3816319500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12067.350763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12067.350763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13263.777744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13263.777744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12092.458689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12092.458689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12092.458689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12092.458689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               509                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           126.999369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1996447056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          3134139.805338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      2852082602500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   126.999369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.992183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        3992896023                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       3992896023                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1996447056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1996447056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1996447056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1996447056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1996447056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1996447056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47555000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47555000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47555000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47555000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1996447693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1996447693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1996447693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1996447693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1996447693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1996447693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74654.631083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74654.631083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74654.631083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74654.631083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74654.631083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74654.631083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46918000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46918000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73654.631083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73654.631083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73654.631083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73654.631083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73654.631083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73654.631083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   666.973726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      631295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    691.451260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        331.997786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        334.975941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.010223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.020354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027863                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5058577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5058577                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        29520                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            29520                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          509                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              509                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               6505                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  6505                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             101                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                101                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         308713                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            308713                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                315218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   315319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               315218                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  315319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data              118                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 118                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           536                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              536                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                 377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                536                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                377                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9607500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       9607500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44892000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44892000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     23522000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     23522000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      44892000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      33129500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         78021500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44892000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     33129500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        78021500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        29520                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        29520                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          509                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          509                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           6623                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6623                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            637                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       308972                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        308972                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            315595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               316232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           315595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              316232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.017817                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.017817                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.841444                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.841444                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000838                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000838                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.841444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.001195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.002887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.841444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.001195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.002887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81419.491525                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81419.491525                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83753.731343                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83753.731343                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90818.532819                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90818.532819                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83753.731343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87876.657825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85456.188390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83753.731343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87876.657825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85456.188390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            118                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          536                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          536                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          259                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data           377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8427500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8427500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     39532000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39532000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     20932000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20932000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     39532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     29359500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68891500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     39532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     29359500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68891500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.841444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.841444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.002887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.841444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.002887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71419.491525                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71419.491525                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73753.731343                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73753.731343                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80818.532819                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80818.532819                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73753.731343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77876.657825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75456.188390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73753.731343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77876.657825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75456.188390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           913                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         1826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        58432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        58432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   58432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     913    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              931500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4885500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       632208                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       315977                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2852107107500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            309609                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29520                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          285947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6623                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6623                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           637                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       308972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       946657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                948440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        73344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22087360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22160704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           316232                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.001778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 316231    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             316232                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          346133000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            955500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         473392500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
