
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.516050                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                516049852500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               516049852500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1710726                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2319262                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3286892451                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 697904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   157.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   268587998                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     364129638                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           34880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           20928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              55808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        34880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         34880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                 872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              67590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data              40554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                108145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         67590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            67590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             67590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data             40554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               108145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         872                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       872                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  55808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   55808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  516049770500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   872                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    186.359322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   116.719837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   233.029544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          175     59.32%     59.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           55     18.64%     77.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           19      6.44%     84.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           14      4.75%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           11      3.73%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      1.69%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      1.02%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.68%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      3.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     29111750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                45461750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    4360000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     33385.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                52135.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      573                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                  591800195.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    65.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   521220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   269445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 2606100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         11678160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy              7311960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy               434400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy        43848390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy         8292000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     123820688580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           123895650255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            240.084654                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         516032279750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       635500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       4952000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 515914934000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     21592250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      11589500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     96149250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  1613640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   850080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 3619980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         112479120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             28229820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              4976640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       228903450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       246986880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     123575169060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           124202828670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            240.679903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         515974942750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8508000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      47754000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 514829808250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    643193000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      18602000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    501987250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  412                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       1032099705                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   268587998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     364129638                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             364026647                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1624353                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      308829                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      9149709                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    364026647                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1624353                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           833095301                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          310510899                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               812687                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              812221                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             91076211                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           183748142                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     163084617                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   120189957                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   42894660                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               1032099704.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           9815183                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   452      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 201041053     55.21%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      402      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      2828      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     286      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                119377993     32.78%     88.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                42082584     11.56%     99.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              811964      0.22%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             812076      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  364129638                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             63853                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            31.999702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           163020742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             63885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           2551.784331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          16348500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    31.999702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         326233139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        326233139                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    120126256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       120126256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     42894486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       42894486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     163020742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        163020742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    163020742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       163020742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        63709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         63709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          176                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        63885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          63885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        63885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         63885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    859590500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    859590500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     10828500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10828500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    870419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    870419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    870419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    870419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    120189965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    120189965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     42894662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42894662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    163084627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    163084627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    163084627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    163084627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13492.450046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13492.450046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61525.568182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61525.568182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13624.778900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13624.778900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13624.778900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13624.778900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             14201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        63709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        63885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        63885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    795881500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    795881500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10652500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10652500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    806534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    806534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    806534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    806534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12492.450046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12492.450046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60525.568182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60525.568182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12624.778900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12624.778900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12624.778900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12624.778900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1732                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.996431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           352093815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          189297.750000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          48587500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.996431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         704193210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        704193210                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    352093815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       352093815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     352093815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        352093815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    352093815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       352093815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64976500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64976500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64976500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64976500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64976500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64976500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    352095675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    352095675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    352095675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    352095675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    352095675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    352095675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34933.602151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34933.602151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34933.602151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34933.602151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34933.602151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34933.602151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              1732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63116500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63116500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63116500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63116500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63116500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63116500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33933.602151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33933.602151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33933.602151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33933.602151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33933.602151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33933.602151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   645.844750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      130458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    149.607798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        347.004427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        298.840323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.009120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.019710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026611                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1051512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1051512                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        14201                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            14201                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1732                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1732                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                 57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            1315                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1315                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          63501                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             63501                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  1315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 63558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    64873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 1315                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                63558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   64873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data              119                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 119                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           545                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              545                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                 327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                545                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   872                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9787500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       9787500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46504500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     46504500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     33543500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     33543500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      46504500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      43331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         89835500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46504500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     43331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        89835500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        14201                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14201                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1732                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1732                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data            176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1860                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1860                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        63709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         63709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             63885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                65745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            63885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               65745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.676136                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.676136                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293011                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.293011                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003265                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.003265                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.293011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.005119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.013263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.293011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.005119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.013263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82247.899160                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82247.899160                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85329.357798                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85329.357798                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 161266.826923                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161266.826923                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85329.357798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 132510.703364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103022.362385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85329.357798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 132510.703364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103022.362385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          545                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          545                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data           327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8597500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8597500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41054500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41054500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     31463500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31463500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41054500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     40061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41054500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     40061000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.676136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.013263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.013263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72247.899160                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72247.899160                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75329.357798                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75329.357798                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 151266.826923                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151266.826923                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75329.357798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 122510.703364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93022.362385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75329.357798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 122510.703364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93022.362385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           872                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         1744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        55808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        55808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   55808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               872                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     872    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 872                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              899000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4669750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       131330                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        65585                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 516049852500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             65569                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        14201                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           49652                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1860                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        63709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       191623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                197075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       229888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4997504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5227392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            65745                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  65745    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              65745                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           81598000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          95827500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
