
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.848359                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2848359010000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2848359010000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1486846                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3027754                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2892615901                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 716664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   984.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1464097139                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2981429536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           24128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              58432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        34304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         34304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                 913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              12043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data               8471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 20514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         12043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             12043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data              8471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                20514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         913                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       913                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  58432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   58432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2848358894000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   913                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    181.644013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   117.166546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.501387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          176     56.96%     56.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           65     21.04%     77.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           28      9.06%     87.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           13      4.21%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            8      2.59%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            4      1.29%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.32%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.97%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      3.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     17251500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                34370250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    4565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18895.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37645.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      597                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                  3119779730.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    65.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   528360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   258060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 2513280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         10448880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy              6619980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy               379200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy        40188990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy         8076960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     683577374685                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           683646438135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            240.014140                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2848342917500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       632000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       4432000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2848234226250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     21033500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      10545250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     88141000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  1727880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   914595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 4005540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         79903200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             23926320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              1848000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       264792930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       142108320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     683364784440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           683884011225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            240.097547                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2848301708500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1182000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      33806000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2847350966750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    370041000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      22254250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    580760000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 3264                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       5696718020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1464097139                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    2981429536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            2981429259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    548                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    53248769                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    266188443                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   2981429259                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           548                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          6149057245                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         2395777235                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  758                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 310                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads           1756753518                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           745386413                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     851796293                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   585597944                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  266198349                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               5696718019.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                         319450416                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                    47      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                2129632878     71.43%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       12      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        28      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     278      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                585597866     19.64%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               266198177      8.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  78      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                172      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                 2981429536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           332.974605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           851795922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2259405.628647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   332.974605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.325171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.325171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.365234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1703592975                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1703592975                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    585597690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       585597690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    266198232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      266198232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     851795922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        851795922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    851795922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       851795922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     34050000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34050000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     15303000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     15303000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     49353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     49353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     49353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     49353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    585597949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    585597949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    266198350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    266198350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    851796299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    851796299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    851796299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    851796299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 131467.181467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131467.181467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 129686.440678                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129686.440678                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 130909.814324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130909.814324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 130909.814324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130909.814324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                 1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     33791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     15185000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15185000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     48976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     48976000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48976000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 130467.181467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130467.181467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 128686.440678                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128686.440678                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 129909.814324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129909.814324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 129909.814324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129909.814324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               154                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           285.997163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1996447148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          3663205.776147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   285.997163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.558588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.558588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.763672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        3992895931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       3992895931                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1996447148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1996447148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1996447148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1996447148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1996447148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1996447148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1996447693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1996447693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1996447693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1996447693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1996447693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1996447693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 122420.183486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122420.183486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 122420.183486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122420.183486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 122420.183486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122420.183486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66174000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66174000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66174000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66174000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66174000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66174000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 121420.183486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121420.183486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 121420.183486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121420.183486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 121420.183486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121420.183486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse          666.971100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.181818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   331.996868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   334.974232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.081054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.081781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.162835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.222900                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             9545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            9545                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              9                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          536                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          795                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     15008000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     15008000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65259500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     33402000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     98661500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65259500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     48410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    113669500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65259500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     48410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    113669500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          545                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data          259                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          804                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983486                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.988806                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.990239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.990239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 127186.440678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127186.440678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 121752.798507                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 128965.250965                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124102.515723                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 121752.798507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 128408.488064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124501.095290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 121752.798507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 128408.488064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124501.095290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          536                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          259                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          795                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     13828000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13828000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59899500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     30812000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90711500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59899500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     44640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104539500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59899500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     44640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104539500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117186.440678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117186.440678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 111752.798507                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 118965.250965                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114102.515723                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 111752.798507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 118408.488064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114501.095290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 111752.798507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 118408.488064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114501.095290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         1079                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          159                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           804                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          156                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          118                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          118                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          804                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              2001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        34880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        24192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              59072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic                     0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.002169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.046549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                920     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  2      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         540500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        817500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        565500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                   666.971105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                       913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        331.996871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        334.974234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.002533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.005089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.006966                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                     15521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                    15521                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data              118                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                 118                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          536                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             795                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                 377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                    913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                536                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                377                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                   913                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     12530000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      12530000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54003500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     27963000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     81966500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      54003500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      40493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total         94496500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54003500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     40493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total        94496500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data            118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total               118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          536                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data          259                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           795                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data               377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total                  913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data              377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total                 913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                   1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 106186.440678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106186.440678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100752.798507                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107965.250965                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103102.515723                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100752.798507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107408.488064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103501.095290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100752.798507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107408.488064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103501.095290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            118                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          536                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          259                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          795                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total               913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data           377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total              913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10760000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10760000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45963500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     24078000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70041500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45963500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     34838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80801500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45963500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     34838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80801500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total              1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91186.440678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91186.440678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85752.798507                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92965.250965                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88102.515723                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85752.798507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92408.488064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88501.095290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85752.798507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92408.488064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88501.095290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           913                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total         1826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        58432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total        58432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   58432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     913    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              914500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4887250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          913                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2848359010000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side         1826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side        58432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples              913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                    913    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total                913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             456500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1369500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
